CASMINST-7404: Linting; remove workaround for fixed problem (#6150)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: install/configure_administrative_access.md

    See [Single User Already Configured in Keycloak](../operations/configure_cray_cli.md#single-user-already-configured-in-keycloak).

### SAT CLI configuration

Follow the procedures in [SAT Configuration](../operations/system_admin_toolkit/configuration/README.md)
to configure `sat` and authenticate to the API Gateway.

## 2. Set `Management` role on the BMCs of management nodes

The [Baseboard Management Controllers (BMCs)](../glossary.md#baseboard-management-controller-bmc) that control management nodes
will not have been marked with the `Management` role in the [Hardware State Manager (HSM)](../glossary.md#hardware-state-manager-hsm).
It is important to mark them with the `Management` role so that they can be easily included in the locking/unlocking operations required

> as protections actions by the [Firmware Action Service (FAS)](../glossary.md#firmware-action-service-fas) and the

Author: ```suggestion
for protection from actions by the [Firmware Action Service (FAS)](../glossary.md#firmware-action-service-fas) and the
```
